Full job description
Close to Public Transport
Casual to Permanency conversion for eligible staff
Excellent Education and Training leading to career progression
About the business

Cardinal Stepinac Village is located in St John's Park in Sydney's South West. We are blessed with a welcoming and home-like environment, emerging from the Australian Croatian Community and a true Not For Profit community organisation.

About the role

We are looking for a Casual Registered Nurse flexible to work Morning, afternoon and night shifts during the week. As a Registered Nurse you will be responsible for the coordination and delivery of individualised resident care through competent management of human and physical resources.

Your duties may include but not limited to:

Facilitating and implementing comprehensive care plans for both acute and chronic residential aged care clients in collaboration with Nursing Unit Managers and other clinicians.
Preparing and organising documents such as diagnostic tests, imaging and consultation as needed.
Administration of medications including but not limited to S4, S8 drugs, and insulin to the residents.
Communicating treatment options, potentialities, complications and risks to residents, their Substitute Decision-Makers and/or their families.
Maintaining resident progress notes and monitoring charts on CSV's EMS: Manad.
Perks

Salary Packaging option for permanent employees

Beautiful environment to work in

Near to public transport

Opportunities for training and career development

Casual to Permanency conversion to eligible staff after probation period.

Salary

As per the Cardinal Stepinac Village, NSWNMA and HSU NSW Enterprise Agreement 2023.

Depending on the RN year the base salary ranges from $45.34 -$57.88 per hour.

Skills and experience

Essential:

Current certification with the NSW Nurses' Registration Board (APHRA).

Experience working in aged care industry.

New Grad RNs are welcome to apply.

Desirable:

Post graduate qualifications in Gerontology;

Advantage to speak Croatian language.

To apply online, please click on the appropriate link below.
